Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions louder than your words.
There's no race, no religion, no class system, no color - nothing - no sexual orientation, that makes us better than anyone else. We're all deserving of love.
A man should have the aim and the determination to be honest and upright and sincere in all that he undertakes. If he adds persistency to this he can hardly help being successful.
There's something beautiful about keeping certain aspects of your life hidden. Maybe people and clouds are beautiful because you can't see everything.
No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm.
To love your neighbor as yourself, after all, is the great injunction of every religion.
Never forget where you've been. Never lose sight of where you're going. And never take for granted the people who travel the journey with you.
Knowing how to be solitary is central to the art of loving. When we can be alone, we can be with others without using them as an escape.
Congratulations! today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away.
In 20 years people won't remember your name or achievements, or maybe even what you look like. But in 20 years they will remember how you made them feel and the memories you gave them.
You have seeds of greatness inside of you. Today can be your new beginning. Today could be the start of something amazing.
Take time to be thankful for everything that you have. You can always have more, but you could also have less.
Don't be afraid. Be focused. Be determined. Be hopeful. Be empowered.
If I can help people I'll do it by giving them a chance to help themselves; and if I can uplift or inspire, let it be by example, inference and suggestion, rather than by injunction and dictation.
I'm stronger because of my hard times, wiser because of my mistakes, and happier because of my sad experiences.
In life, I have made a lot mistakes and I have felt a lot of pain, but mistakes make me wiser and pain makes me stronger.
No matter what pain you've been through, tears will dry, broken hearts will heal, and somewhere a person who truly cares is waiting for you.
You don't know what beauty is. You use the word, certainly, but your word is empty. Beauty is known only by one who has known the inner beauty, one who has known the inner flower opening. Then whenever a flower is seen, it reminds you of your inner beauty.
If you have your health, if you have people in your life to love, you are blessed. Slow down and enjoy the simple things in life.
Let's turn our mistakes into lessons and our fears into hopes. We should have faith in ourselves and be strong.
Anger is the ultimate destroyer of your own peace of mind.
Live life without any limits, because you'll never know when your time comes. So live, laugh and most importantly be happy.
A positive philosophy turns into a positive attitude, which turns into positive actions, which turns into positive results, which turns into a positive lifestyle. A positive life.
When you fight to cling to people who are no longer meant to be in your life, you delay your destiny. Let them go.
I learned really to practice mustard seed faith, and positive thinking, and remarkable things happened.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
Husbands never become good; they merely become proficient.
There's nothing in the world like the feeling you get when you perform a random act of kindness.
Money's the same, whoever gives it to you. That was the point of money, after all: crisp and clean or wrinkled or disintegrated into quarters - a dollar was always worth a hundred cents.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Always look at the good things in life and never dwell on the negative. If you keep your head down, you'll miss the blessings.
Treat your friends as you do your pictures, and place them in their best light.
I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world.
The little I know of it has not served to raise my opinion of what is vulgarly called the Monied Interest; I mean, that blood-sucker, that muckworm, that calls itself the friend of government.
If you don't see your worth, you'll always choose people who don't see it either. When your self esteem rises, your life follows.
It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too.
A writer must refuse to allow himself to be transformed into an institution.
There is nothing worse than an idle hour, with no occupation offering. People who have many such hours are simply animals waiting docilely for death. We all come to that state soon or late. It is the curse of senility.
The world is governed by chance. Randomness stalks us every day of our lives.
As you go through life, you'll have maybe a handful of friends who are in it for the long haul. A true testament to their character is how consistent they are throughout that friendship.
I think beauty comes from actually knowing who you are. That's real beauty to me.
Life is a sleazy stranger, who looks vaguely familiar; flirting with a bimbo named disaster at the end of the bar.
Begin challenging your own assumptions. Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in awhile, or the light won't come in.
Some day the soft Ideal that we wooed confronts us fiercely, foe-beset, pursued, and cries reproachful: Was it then my praise, and not myself was loved? Prove now thy truth; I claim of thee the promise of thy youth.
Always pray to have eyes that see the best, a heart that forgives the worst, a mind that forgets the bad, and a soul that never loses faith.
Some people don't understand how blessed they truly are. Be thankful for what you have rather than focusing on what you don't have.
You can get something done in a short time with fear, but in the long run it just doesn't pay off.
Where women are concerned, the rule is never to go out with anyone better dressed than you.
Compassion is the form that altruistic love takes when it is confronted with others' sufferings.
Stop looking for reasons to be unhappy. Focus on the things you do have, and the reasons you should be happy.
We can all fight against loneliness by engaging in random acts of kindness.
Make a conscious effort to let go of fear and act from a sense of consciousness that will empower and protect you. You are strong. You are greater than the fear!
Know your worth. Know when you have had enough. And move on from the people who keep ruining your happiness.
We really have to understand the person we want to love. If our love is only a will to possess, it is not love. If we only think of ourselves, if we know only our own needs and ignore the needs of the other person, we cannot love.
Memories, pressed between the pages of my mind. Memories, sweetened through the ages just like wine.
In any project, the important factor is your belief. Without belief there can be no successful outcome.
Together we can change the world, just one random act of kindness at a time.
These random unkind moment that catch you wen you least expect them.
Our lives are not totally random. We make commitments, we cause things to happen.
When you are getting ready to advance to a new season, some people will be removed from your life without warning.
When you get knocked down, don't stay down; get back up again. Nothing good is going to happen as long as you're down on yourself.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
I have a theory that the answers to all of life's major questions can found in a John Mayer song.
Everything is going to be okay in the end. If it's not the okay, it's not the end.
There comes a time in life when you'll have to leave everything behind and start something new but never forget the ones who stood by your side, especially the ones who never gave up on you.
Sometimes we stare so long at the wrong things, we miss out on the RIGHT thing standing right in front of us.
When life gives you every reason to be negative, think of all the reasons to be positive. There's always someone who has it worse.
One must live the way one thinks or end up thinking the way one has lived.
In the game of life it's a good idea to have a few early losses, which relieves you of the pressure of trying to maintain an undefeated season.
Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make the most of it.
The brain can be easy to buy, but the heart never comes to market.
Listen to your own voice, your own soul, too many people listen to the noise of the world, instead of themselves.
To keep a relationship, you must keep your business to yourself and your partner. The whole world doesn't need to know your problems.
I think predictability has become the rule and I'm completely the opposite -- I like spectators to be disturbed.
It isn't by size that you win or fail -- be the best of whatever you are.
Don't worry about hard times, because some of the greatest things we have in life come from trials in our life.
Yes, we love peace, but we are not willing to take wounds for it, as we are for war.
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
When you delete the unnecessary people from your life, good things will start happening for you and it won't be a coincidence.
Don't be sorry the moment ended. Be grateful it happened. Even the shortest chapters have valuable lessons.
If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport.
Drop jealousy and envy, for they make you ugly. Be loving, be accepting, and most of all... be happy just the way you are.
Ask yourself what is really important, and then have the wisdom and courage to build your life around your answer.
All this knowledge of the objective world is of no value in comparison to having a little glimpse of the inner sky and its beauty - its sunrises and sunsets, its days and nights, its blue sky and its stars. The outer then looks only a pale reflection of the inner. The inner becomes more real and the outer becomes just a shadow.
When life knocks you down, it's testing you to see whether you have the strength or not to stand back up. Don't give up!
Scandal is what one half of the world takes pleasure inventing, and the other half in believing.
Waking up to see another day is a blessing. Don't take it for granted. Make it count and be happy that you're alive.
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some stay for a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never ever the same.
Do your best to avoid stress and try to enjoy life. Quit thinking so much. Why complicate life?
Because if you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. You're doing things you've never done before, and more importantly, you're Doing Something.
If life were easy, we would be bored. That's why we are faced with challenges everyday, so that we can work to make ourselves happy.
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking a moment and making the best of it.
Sometimes people try to expose what's wrong with you because they can't handle everything that's right about you.
Everyone has an untold story hidden behind closed doors, try to understand that people are not always as they first seem.
In the past, women's stories have been ignored by culture - particularly stories about sisters, for female siblings have little power in the world - yet today that mythology is irrelevant, outdated.
You are never too busy to take time out of your day for those who matter most. You can always make time.
The fact is that grief today is a family matter as much a s it is an individual one.
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
God has perfect timing; never early, never late. It takes a little patience and it takes a lot of faith but it's worth the wait.
Date yourself. Take yourself out to eat. Don't share your popcorn at the movies with anyone. Stroll around an art museum alone. Fall in love with canvases. Fall in love with yourself.
No matter how much you love someone, you can't force them to change. They have to want it for themselves.
I'm attracted to the extreme light and the extreme dark. I'm interested in the human condition and what makes people tick. I'm interested in the things people try to hide.
Life is all about making choices. Always do your best to make the right ones, and always do your best to learn from the wrong ones.
If the English language made any sense, a catastrophe would be an apostrophe with fur.
Only one thing I expect from all of you: to be yourself, to discover your inner beauty, your purity of consciousness, your hidden splendor - and spread it to as many people as possible. People are miserable. Help them to laugh a little, to sing a little, to dance a little.
When you go through a loss, a disappointment or a bad break up, don't expect to come out the same. Expect to come out better off than you were before.
The more you try to control something, the more it controls you. Free yourself, and let things take their own natural course.
Everyone has an untold story hidden behind closed doors, try to understand that people are not always as they first seem.
Children really brighten up a household. They never turn the lights off.
The pure work implies the disappearance of the poet as speaker, who hands over to the words.
In the end, you'll know who really loves you. They're the ones who see you for who you are and no matter what, are always by your side.
I look at you and see all the ways a soul can bruise, and I wish I could sink my hands into your flesh and light lanterns along your spine so you know that there's nothing but light when I see you.
Believe in yourself and your feelings. Trust yourself to do what your heart is guiding you to do. Your intuition is powerful. Trust it.
You are valuable because you exist. Not because of what you do or what you have done - but simply because you are.
Sometimes God closes doors because it's time to move forward. He knows we won't move unless circumstances force us to.
The rain WILL stop, the night WILL end, the hurt WILL fade. Hope is never so lost that it can't be found.
The amount of random conversations that lead to culture-shifting ideas is insane.
Adhere to your purpose and you will soon feel as well as you ever did. On the contrary, if you falter, and give up, you will lose the power of keeping any resolution, and will regret it all your life.
Don't let the people who do so little for you, control so much of your feelings and emotions.
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason.
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last, even if contact is lost.
Be thankful for everybody in your life, good and bad, past and present. They all made you the person that you are today.
You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it.
Aspiring to a small business that does what it does very well is a noble pursuit.
There comes a time in life when you'll have to leave everything behind and start something new but never forget the ones who stood by your side, especially the ones who never gave up on you.
My past is my past. It made me who I am. I have no regrets, and wouldn't change a thing. I just don't live there anymore.
How do we change the world? One random act of kindness at a time.
If you keep picking a scab it will bleed and never heal. If you keep dragging the pain of the past up, it will never heal.
Have faith in your journey. Everything had to happen exactly as it did to get you where you're going next!
Let grace and goodness be the principal loadstone of thy affections. For love which hath ends, will have an end; whereas that which is founded on true virtue, will always continue.
Mother-love is the great, surging, divine current that plays forever through humanity.
The observation of others is coloured by our inability to observe ourselves impartially. We can never be impartial about anything until we can be impartial about our own organism.
Find something good within your life and give every ounce of positivity you have towards it, then watch how your life changes.
Have the courage to make the change, the strength to see you through it, and faith that everything will turn out for the best.
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents.
These random unkind moment that catch you wen you least expect them.
No matter how much it hurts right now. one day you'll look back and realize it changed your life for the better.
There are so many things that can make you happy. Don't focus too much on things that make you.
Everyone comes into your life for a reason; some good, some bad. They shape, form and break us. But in the end make us who we are.
I don't believe in love at first sight but I do believe in seeing someone from across the room and knowing instantly that they're going to matter to you. They're going to play a major role in your life.
Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one, so that when we finally meet that person, we will be grateful.
Your choices, your actions, and your life. Live it the way you want, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
When someone is going through a storm, your silent presence is more powerful than a million empty words.
You cannot evolve unless you are willing to change. You will never better yourself, if you always cling to what was.
It takes one positive thought to change your life, just one positive thought. So why spend your time thinking negatively?
Just because the past didn't turn out like you wanted it to, doesn't mean your future can't be better than you ever imagined.
It may seem funny to say that giving makes us feel happier. What about receiving, I hear you say, that's nice too! But, believe me, giving will make you feel ten times happier.
Enjoy today because there might not be a tomorrow. Sometimes, there are no next times and no second chances.
The moment you're ready to quit is usually the moment right before the miracle happens. Don't give up!
Accept full responsibility for everything that happens in your life.
Synergy is the very essence of the family. Every family member contributes a different flavor to the mix.
Anger won't make your problems easier. Tears won't bring back what is gone. But smile, and gratitude will make you stronger.
There is no point in wishing things can be different. We cannot change the past. We can only accept the change and move forward.
Half of the things they worry about will not even come to pass, or will not be relevant in just a year. Yet people give a massive amount of power to these worries and fail to focus on what is real and what is concrete.
Love your mother, the most beautiful person on this earth. Our best critic, yet our strongest supporter.
To linger in the observation of things other than the self implies a profound conviction of their worth.
Never be ashamed of what you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion that you want, and to do what makes you happy.
Sometimes what we learn & who we become in the process of waiting is even more important than what we're waiting for.
The curse of man, and the cause of nearly all his woe, is his stupendous capacity for believing the incredible.
Injustice is relatively easy to bear what stings is justice.
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.
I don't mind how much my ministers talk -- as long as they do what I say.
Of course, it is the same old story. Truth usually is the same old story.
As you waste your breath complaining about life, someone out there is breathing their last. Appreciate what you have.
Pennies do not come from heaven -- they have to be earned here on earth.
Relationships aren't always going to last forever. Some will and some won't, but don't hang on to something you shouldn't.
In the arts of life man invents nothing; but in the arts of death he outdoes Nature herself, and produces by chemistry and machinery all the slaughter of plague, pestilence, and famine.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize-fighters shaking hands.
Sometimes as much as you want to hold on to something you have to let it go, because God has something else better in store.
The brain is organized in a way that enables optimistic beliefs to change the way we view and interact with the world around us, making optimism a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Be patient. A relationship before its time would only distract you from fulfilling your big and beautiful destiny.
The Athenians govern the Greeks; I govern the Athenians; you, my wife, govern me; your son governs you.
It is the rooted instinct in men to admire what is better and more beautiful than themselves.
It is not the insurrections of ignorance that are dangerous, but the revolts of the intelligence.
Don't waste your time on people who see you as you were instead of as you are. If they can't let go of the past, let go of them.
One of the best things in life is realizing you're perfectly happy without the things you thought you needed the most.